README.md, before:

# dotfiles

*semi finished* - not really

these are my dotfiles for arch linux

it is based on the i3-gaps desktop environment

i most likely won't provide much support for this as "it works enough for me" so i don't really have any other reason to work on it more or fix potential bugs, but if theres anything major i'll fix it to the best of my ability.

the included 'installdeps.sh' script also installs many utilities i use on my personal machine, please read through the script before running it on your machine to ensure you are okay with installing all of the packages included in the script

## Shortcuts

By Default the key is default (Normally WIN Key)

Open Terminal - Mod+Enter

Kill Current Window - Mod+Shift+Q

Open dmenu (simple launcher at top of screen) - Mod+D

Open Rofi - Mod+Space

Change Workspace - Mod+(1-10)

Move Focused app to another workspace - Mod+(1-10)

Reload Config - Mod+Shift+C

Restart i3 - Mod+Shift+R

Leave i3 - Mod+Shift+E

Power Menu - Mod+Shift+P

## Troubleshooting

#### Rofi Setup
When you reach the Rofi setup, you will be prompted to choose between 1080p and 768p, obviously a lot of people have other display formats and resolutions, so if one doesn't work for you, try the other.

## Credits
[Rofi Things - adi1090x](https://github.com/adi1090x/rofi)

[MacOS 9 Wallpaper - me & Apple](https://github.com/eqixcx/macos-wallpapers)

Commit message:

add non-standard res mention in readme

README.md, after:

# dotfiles

*semi finished* - not really

these are my dotfiles for arch linux

it is based on the i3-gaps desktop environment

i most likely won't provide much support for this as "it works enough for me" so i don't really have any other reason to work on it more or fix potential bugs, but if theres anything major i'll fix it to the best of my ability.

the included 'installdeps.sh' script also installs many utilities i use on my personal machine, please read through the script before running it on your machine to ensure you are okay with installing all of the packages included in the script

## Shortcuts

By Default the key is default (Normally WIN Key)

Open Terminal - Mod+Enter

Kill Current Window - Mod+Shift+Q

Open dmenu (simple launcher at top of screen) - Mod+D

Open Rofi - Mod+Space

Change Workspace - Mod+(1-10)

Move Focused app to another workspace - Mod+(1-10)

Reload Config - Mod+Shift+C

Restart i3 - Mod+Shift+R

Leave i3 - Mod+Shift+E

Power Menu - Mod+Shift+P

## Troubleshooting

#### Rofi Setup
When you reach the Rofi setup, you will be prompted to choose between 1080p and 768p, obviously a lot of people have other display formats and resolutions, so if one doesn't work for you, try the other.
```
Potential Solution:
 I was thinking of forking the repo and working on creating more resolution support, I am currently only able to use a 16:9 1080p monitor, but if I have issues on my Ultrawide once I deploy this on a home machine, I will begin work on fixing it, if you have a non standard display and want to try it out, feel free to try it out and reach out to tell me how it went! Cheers :)
```

## Credits
[Rofi Things - adi1090x](https://github.com/adi1090x/rofi)

[MacOS 9 Wallpaper - me & Apple](https://github.com/eqixcx/macos-wallpapers)
